Fix issues on the `Write tests` page (#8569)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/test-document-the-code/test-ballerina-code/write-tests.md

### Troubleshoot assertion failures when using `assertEquals`

> You can troubleshoot assertion failures of different values when using the `assertEquals` property as shown below.

Reviewer: Since the the sub topics below this talk about the different types, I feel `types` is a better way of wording it.
```suggestion
You can troubleshoot assertion failures of different types when using the `assertEquals` function as shown below.
```
